Questions about likes/dislikes	 What’s your favorite sandwich and where did you eat it?
Questions about likes/dislikes	 What’s your favorite place on earth?
Questions about likes/dislikes	 What’s one place you’ve visited that you never want to return to?
Questions about likes/dislikes	 What’s the best show on TV right now?
Questions about likes/dislikes	 If you could only eat one food for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Questions about likes/dislikes	 What’s the worst movie you ever saw?
Questions about likes/dislikes	 What’s the best thing you’ve read in the last five years?
Questions about likes/dislikes	 What’s the one item of clothing you couldn’t live without?
Questions about likes/dislikes	 If you could only bring three things with you on a deserted island, what would you pick?
Questions about likes/dislikes	 If you could save one material thing from a fire, what would you save?
Questions about likes/dislikes	 What’s your biggest pet peeve?
Questions about likes/dislikes	 What is your favorite movie of all time?
Questions about likes/dislikes	 What is the best concert you have ever been to?
Questions about likes/dislikes	 What’s the worst date you’ve ever been on?
Questions about likes/dislikes	 Would you rather be hot or cold?
Questions about likes/dislikes	 What’s your favorite karaoke song?
Questions about likes/dislikes	 What’s your favorite quote?
Questions about likes/dislikes	 What was the best meal you ever ate?
Questions about likes/dislikes	 What’s your least favorite genre of music?
Questions about likes/dislikes	 Do you like coffee or tea better?
Questions about likes/dislikes	 What’s your favorite way to spend a day off?
Questions about likes/dislikes	 What type of music are you into?
Questions about likes/dislikes	 What was the best vacation you ever took and why?
Questions about likes/dislikes	 What’s your guilty pleasure?
Questions about likes/dislikes	 What’s your favorite color?
Questions about likes/dislikes	 Are you an early bird or a night owl?
Questions about hopes, dreams, and fears	 What is on your bucket list?
Questions about hopes, dreams, and fears	 What are you most thankful for?
Questions about hopes, dreams, and fears	 What is your biggest regret in life?
Questions about hopes, dreams, and fears	 What are you most afraid of?
Questions about hopes, dreams, and fears	 What do you feel most passionate about?
Questions about hopes, dreams, and fears	 How do you like to spend your free time?
Questions about hopes, dreams, and fears	 What would your perfect day be like?
Questions about hopes, dreams, and fears	 What does your dream life look like?
Questions about hopes, dreams, and fears	 What goal do you want to accomplish in the next few years?
Questions about hopes, dreams, and fears	 Do you think our dreams have hidden meanings?
Questions about hopes, dreams, and fears	 When you want to give up, what keeps you going?
Questions about hopes, dreams, and fears	 Do you live by any words of wisdom?
Questions about hopes, dreams, and fears	 If you had unlimited money to start your own business, what would it be?
Questions about hopes, dreams, and fears	 If you found out today was your last day on Earth, what would you do?
Questions about hopes, dreams, and fears	 If you could time travel, when and where would you go?
Questions about hopes, dreams, and fears	 A genie gives you three wishes—what are they?
Questions about hopes, dreams, and fears	 Is there anything holding you back from living your ideal life?
Questions about hopes, dreams, and fears	 How have your dreams changed over time?
Questions that spark (friendly) debate	 What is your favorite urban legend that you believe is true?
Questions that spark (friendly) debate	 Would you rather live without the internet, or without bathing?
Questions that spark (friendly) debate	 What was the best decade for music?
Questions that spark (friendly) debate	 Is it ever OK to lie?
Questions that spark (friendly) debate	 Who’s the most overrated celebrity?
Questions that spark (friendly) debate	 What’s the worst seat on a plane?
Questions that spark (friendly) debate	 What’s the most annoying thing people do in public?
Questions that spark (friendly) debate	 Are avocados overrated?
Questions that spark (friendly) debate	 Who’s your dream dinner party guest, living or dead?
Questions that spark (friendly) debate	 What would you do tomorrow if you won a million dollars today?
Questions that spark (friendly) debate	 Is a hot dog a sandwich?
Questions that spark (friendly) debate	 Are you a dog person or a cat person and why?
Questions that spark (friendly) debate	 Were Ross and Rachel really on a break?
Questions that spark (friendly) debate	 Does pineapple belong on pizza?
Questions about family and community	 Who is the most important person in your life and why?
Questions about family and community	 Who in your life most makes you feel a sense of home?
Questions about family and community	 Do you have a mentor?
Questions about family and community	 Have you ever broken up with a friend, and why?
Questions about family and community	 How many close friends is ideal?
Questions about family and community	 Do you believe in soulmates?
Questions about family and community	 Who’s more important to you, friends or family?
Questions about family and community	 If you could change your relationship with a family member, would you? If so, with whom?
Questions about family and community	 What’s your favorite family tradition?
Questions about family and community	 Do you wish you had more siblings? If so, why?
Questions about family and community	 How do you show your family you love them?
Questions about family and community	 Do you ever wish you were raised differently?
Questions about family and community	 Do you have any friends you would consider family?
Questions about family and community	 Would you rather go back in time to meet your ancestors, or travel into the future to meet your descendants?
Questions about family and community	 What can always bring your family together?
Questions about family and community	 How did your parents (and/or grandparents) meet?
Questions about family and community	 What physical traits do you share with your relatives?
Questions about family and community	 How do you deal with arguments between family members or friends?
Questions about family and community	 What activities did you love to do with your family growing up?
Questions about family and community	 Which family member do you confide in most?
Questions about personal history and personality essence	 What is the best compliment that you’ve ever received?
Questions about personal history and personality essence	 What do you want people to say about you at your funeral?
Questions about personal history and personality essence	 What is something people would never guess just by looking at you?
Questions about personal history and personality essence	 What makes you laugh the most?
Questions about personal history and personality essence	 Have you ever made a decision that changed your life?
Questions about personal history and personality essence	 What was the happiest day of your life?
Questions about personal history and personality essence	 What’s your favorite thing about yourself?
Questions about personal history and personality essence	 What did teachers used to say about you on your report card—and is it still true?
Questions about personal history and personality essence	 What’s something you wish you could change about yourself?
Questions about personal history and personality essence	 What’s the hardest challenge you overcame?
Questions about personal history and personality essence	 Have you ever failed at something? What did you do after that?
Questions about personal history and personality essence	 What word would friends of yours use to describe you? Do you agree or disagree?
Questions about personal history and personality essence	 What was the most life-changing event in your life so far?
Questions about personal history and personality essence	 What is your favorite way to express yourself?
Questions about personal history and personality essence	 What can always make you feel better after a bad day?
Questions about personal history and personality essence	 Do you consider yourself competitive?
Questions about work	 What’s the most exciting part of your job?
Questions about work	 What would you want people to say about you at your retirement party?
Questions about work	 What’s the most important thing you’ve ever done at work?
Questions about work	 What’s your ideal work-life balance?
Questions about work	 What’s the best piece of career advice you ever got?
Questions about work	 What was something you thought was a career setback that turned out to be an opportunity?
Questions about work	 What are the most important qualities of a leader?
Questions about work	 What was your first job?
Questions about work	 What is your relationship like with your co-workers?
Questions about work	 Where do you see yourself in five years?
Questions about work	 Is this the career you saw yourself doing as a child?
Questions about work	 How important is a career to you?
Questions about work	 As a kid, what did you want to be when you grew up?
Questions about values	 What do you think your purpose is?
Questions about values	 Have you ever made a promise that you didn’t keep?
Questions about values	 Do you believe in second chances?
Questions about values	 What’s your strictest boundary in relationships?
Questions about values	 What was the biggest favor you’ve ever done for someone else?
Questions about values	 What was the biggest favor you asked from someone else for yourself?
Questions about values	 Would you prefer a job you hate with a high salary or a job you love with a low salary?
Questions about values	 If you had to make an emergency phone call, who would it be?
Questions about values	 If you could change one thing about the world, what would it be?
Questions about values	 Do you believe in any higher power? An afterlife?
Questions about values	 What is your love language?
Questions about values	 What are you most proud of yourself for?
Questions about values	 Do you read/watch the news? What topics do you pay the most attention to in the news?
Questions about values	 How is your culture/background important to you?
Questions about values	 Have you ever cheated on anything/anyone?
Questions about values	 Do you prefer conversations in person or over text?
Questions about values	 If you had an excess of money, what charity would you donate to and why?
Questions about values	 Do you believe in soulmates?
Questions about values	 What do you think makes someone a “good person”?
Questions about values	 Do you believe in love at first sight?
Questions about values	 What is your “golden rule” for living?
Questions about values	 What makes you feel at peace?
Questions about values	 What’s the first thing you look for in a partner or friend?
Questions about values	 Do you believe in astrology? Why or why not?
Questions about values	 What is your biggest irrational fear?
Miscellaneous/casual questions	 Would you rather drive or be the passenger in a car?
Miscellaneous/casual questions	 What is your dream vacation destination?
Miscellaneous/casual questions	 If you could be any animal, what would you be and why?
Miscellaneous/casual questions	 What superpower would you want to have?
Miscellaneous/casual questions	 Would you rather be able to travel into the future or the past?
Miscellaneous/casual questions	 If you had to live in a different city/state/country, where would you want to live?
Miscellaneous/casual questions	 Would you rather be able to speak to animals or be fluent in every language?
Miscellaneous/casual questions	 Are you a planner or do you go with the flow?
Miscellaneous/casual questions	 What is your astrological sign?
Miscellaneous/casual questions	 What movie character do you think you are most similar to?
Miscellaneous/casual questions	 Do you believe in ghosts—why or why not? (Bonus question: If so, are you afraid of ghosts?)
Miscellaneous/casual questions	 Do you have any special skills?
Miscellaneous/casual questions	 What’s your game plan in a zombie apocalypse?
Miscellaneous/casual questions	 Do you sing in the shower?
Miscellaneous/casual questions	 How many hours do you get to the airport before a flight?
Miscellaneous/casual questions	 What’s the first thing you do in the morning?
Miscellaneous/casual questions	 What’s the last thing you do at night?
Miscellaneous/casual questions	 Do you believe in any conspiracy theories (no judgment)?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be stuck in a romantic comedy with your worst enemy or in a horror movie with your best friend?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be able to speak every language in the world or be able talk to animals?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather always feel hungry or always feel tired?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have the ability to be invisible or to read people’s minds?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have a knife when you need a spoon or a spoon when you need a knife?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather live with a barnyard of animals in your house or live in the barn with the animals?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have two long, front teeth like a beaver or no teeth at all?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have to use shrimp-flavored toothpaste or deodorant that smells like cheese?
Would You Rather	 Would rather have 100 duck-sized elephants or one elephant-sized duck?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather listen to an annoying laugh for a whole day or get tickled for one hour?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather eat all your food with your hands or use utensils with only your non-dominant hand?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be a kid your whole life or an adult your whole life?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather a "ding" sound every time you wink, or a "pow-pow" sound every time you make a finger gun?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather speak in a baby voice for a day or be spoken to in a baby voice for a day?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather spend the day wearing wet socks or with a popcorn kernel stuck in your teeth?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather kiss everyone you meet or never kiss anyone again?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have a head the size of a small grapefruit or the size of a giant watermelon?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be the cowboy riding the bull or the clown who distracts it?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be followed by a band wherever you go or by someone narrating your life?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather get $1 every time you compliment a stranger or $100 every time you insult a stranger?
Would You Rather	 Would you always rather smell like garlic or a wet dog?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather never get lost again or never lose your balance again?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather give up showering or internet for a month?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be a baby with the mind of an adult or an adult with the mind of a baby?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have every meal you eat for the rest of your life be too spicy, or too sweet?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have horns or a tail?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather wrestle a gorilla or two alligators?
Would You Rather	 Would You rather have a Texas accent and live in New York or a New York accent and live in Texas?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have to always say everything that pops into your head or never be able to say what you feel?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather wear pants three sizes too big or shoes three sizes too small?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather work as a bouncer at a trashy nightclub or as a personal assistant to a high-maintenance celebrity?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather only speak in riddles or only speak in rhyme?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather spend a week in the woods without a tent or a night in a real haunted house?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have a food fight or a water balloon battle?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather meet Bigfoot or an alien?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have a unibrow or no eyebrows at all?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather always forget to buy one thing at the grocery store or always buy five things you don't need?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather love Brussels sprouts or hate ice cream?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be covered in fur or covered in scales?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather need to sleep for 12 hours every day or never sleep again?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather end war or poverty?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be able to forget your worst memory, or remember your best memory better?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather stay young physically or mentally?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have more time, or more money?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather live forever or die at a normal age?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be personally fulfilled or professionally fulfilled?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather know the date of your death or the cause of your death?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be around negative loved ones or positive strangers?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be really beautiful or really smart?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather live ten years longer with regrets or die ten years early with no regrets?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather visit the past or travel into the future?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather fulfill your biggest wish or resolve your biggest regret?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have a terrible memory or absolutely no common sense?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be the boss of a failing company or an entry-level employee at a successful one?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather always be stressed or sad?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather pause this time in your life or fast forward through it?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be the only one laughing at someone, or the only one being laughed at?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather face punishment for a crime or try to hide it and get away?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather live in a world without music or one without colors?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather live a dangerous and exciting life or a safe and boring one?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be more patient or more confident?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather earn a ton of money doing work you hate or a little money doing work you love?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather get rid of 99% of the world’s population or make extinct 99% of all living creatures?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather drop a bad habit or gain a good one?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather live 200 years in the past or 200 years in the future?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have no emotions or feel every single emotion incredibly intensely?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather solve world hunger or cure cancer?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather live in a mountain cabin with no human contact or a big city studio apartment with three roommates?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather give up social media or be an influencer?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have unlimited respect or unlimited power?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be obscenely wealthy and very unhealthy, or in perfect health and penniless?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather live an ordinary life or stand out and be considered a freak?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather believe in something that no one else does or know a secret you could never share?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather never feel physical pain or never feel emotional pain?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather get rich in a way that disappoints your loved ones or make just enough money to live?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be unhoused or in prison?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be stuck on an island for eternity alone or with someone you hate?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather never get angry or never be envious?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather never leave the country or leave and never come back?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather lose your sense of smell or your sense of taste?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have the hiccups forever or always feel as though you’re about to sneeze?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be forced to listen to the "Barney" theme song or someone slurp soup for 24 hours straight?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather live one life for 1,000 years or 10 lives for 100 years each?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have to dress fancy or in sweats, no matter the situation, for the rest of your life?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather give away all of your money or all of your belongings?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather erase all of your most embarrassing moments from everyone else’s memories, or erase them from your own memory?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather work cleaning up toxic waste or as a mortician’s assistant?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather know what your pets think of you or never hear them speak?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather live under a sky with no clouds or no stars?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather wear a Dracula cape everywhere you go for a month or a pirate eye patch?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather not shower for a week or 3 times a day for a week?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be stuck in a zombie apocalypse or an alien invasion?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather wear really ugly glasses that are the right prescription or ones that look great but are just slightly blurry?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather begin every sentence with "Hey jerkface," or end every sentence with "Haha, I was just kidding"?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather never be able to close your eyes or never be able to close your mouth?
Would You Rather	 Would you flip a coin if heads meant you get a billion dollars, and tails meant you die instantly?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have an extra toe or an extra finger?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather relive the same day over and over for a year or lose a year of your life?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather ruin the surprise for a surprise party or show up in costume to a black tie event?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather eat old, mystery leftovers in your fridge or a total stranger’s leftovers?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be half your height or double your weight?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be a regular person or an immortal dog?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather find gum stuck in your hair or a huge spider?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be in jail for five years or be in a coma for a decade?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather babysit a crying baby for a day or turn into a crying baby for an hour?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be followed everywhere by someone playing the flute or be surprised every day by someone playing a tuba?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather live in an underground bunker for the rest of your life, or in a tree house for the rest of your life?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather live your life over as the opposite gender or start your life over as a kid again?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have terribly chapped lips or scratchy, dry eyes?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather fight 1,000 ant-sized polar bears or one polar bear-sized ant?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have no elbows or no knees?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be able to read minds or move objects with your mind?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have a dog with a baby's face or a baby with a dog's face?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather get a paper cut whenever you read a book or bite your tongue at every meal?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be seated on an airplane between a couple that's arguing or next to a crying baby?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be the smartest person in a world full of stupid people or the stupidest person in a world full of smart people?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be naked at work for an hour or be dropped off naked a mile from your house?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have a bed that's half the length or half the width of your current bed?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be a happy idiot or a miserable genius?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be itchy or sticky forever?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be a leader or a follower?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather wear a swimsuit in winter or a snowsuit in summer?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have your own robot or a jetpack?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be a great artist or a renowned scientist?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have a flying magic carpet or a see-through submarine?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather create a new holiday or create a new language?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather lick a trash can or the bathroom floor?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have four arms or four legs?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather live 100 years in the past or 100 years in the future?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be the smartest person in the world or the best athlete ever?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather eat with 50 people or eat alone?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather spend all of your money on fun experiences or on cool things?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather get brain freeze from ice cream or burn your mouth on hot food?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather fly to Mars or visit the depths of the ocean?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be able to breathe fire or breathe underwater?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather cheat on a test and have nobody find out or be accused of cheating on a test when you didn't?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather ask for help or figure it out on your own?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be the worst player on a winning team or the best player on a losing team?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather drink melted ice-cream or eat cold fries?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather always have to shout whenever you talk or whisper?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather ride an elephant or a camel across the country?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather meet someone famous from history or meet someone famous from a book?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have goosebumps for a day or butterflies in your stomach for a day?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather meet Santa Claus or Harry Potter?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be very strong or very fast?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be able to slide down rainbows or jump on clouds?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have a hook for a hand or a peg for a leg?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be able to control water or fire?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather live in the North Pole or the South Pole?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have five good friends or one best friend?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have really tiny hands or really huge feet?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have binoculars for eyes and be able to see really far away or have microscopes for eyes and be able to really see close-up?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather eat an insect or eat a dirt-covered chocolate?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather wake up early every morning or stay up late every night?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather wear clown shoes every day or a clown nose every day?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be able to talk to ghosts or travel through time?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather turn into your mom or your dad for the day?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather give up listening to music or watching movies?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be the youngest child or the oldest child?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have kids or travel the globe?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather know when you are going to die or your partner is going to die?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather marry someone you just met or marry someone you’ve known for forever but have no romantic feelings for?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather find true love or be fabulously rich?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather your spouse dislike all of your friends or all of your friends dislike your spouse?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather outlive your S
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have a house cleaner every week or a masseuse once a month?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather your partner always be late or always be early?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have a dozen kids or no kids?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather date someone with a difficult ex or someone with difficult parents?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather argue all night to resolve a conflict or end the argument unresolved before bed?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather get stuck in an elevator with your ex or your S
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have to plan every single moment or live absolutely spontaneously and never plan anything?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather date someone who likes to go out every night or someone who likes to stay home every night?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather discover that your partner hates animals or that they cheated on their ex?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather your best friend or your boss falls in love with you?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather date someone who is direct but offensive sometimes or extremely shy and never speaks their mind?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have a spouse that chews loudly or spits when they talk?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be in a relationship where you challenge each other or one in which you always agree?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather your spouse earn more money than you, or you earn more money than your spouse?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have a partner with bad breath or body odor?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather save all of your money for life, or spend it and live broke?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have your heart broken or break someone's heart?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather your spouse be attracted to your soul or your body?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be vegan or gluten-free?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be in a relationship where you love them more or they love you more?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather share a toothbrush with your partner or have to wear their underwear?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather date someone much older than you or much younger than you?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather your parents arrange your marriage or marry your most recent ex?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather accidentally send a sexy text to an in-law or your boss?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather know all of your spouse's secrets or none of them?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather tell your partner a truth you know would hurt, or hurt your partner’s feelings by not telling?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather be with a super possessive partner or a very distant one?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather your partner be a great cook and messy around the house or an awful cook but very neat?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather never have sex or never find love?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather go back in time to meet your ancestors or go into the future to meet your great-grandchildren?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather have your dream job and be unable to retire for 30 years or have a terrible job but get to retire in 10 years?
Would You Rather	 Would you rather meet the love of your life in high school or at the age of 30?
